We shall not cease from exploration, and the end of all our
exploring will be to arrive where we started and know the
place for the first time.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out
how far one can go.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
What we call the beginning is often the end. And to make an
end is to make a beginning. The end is where we start from.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
Poetry is not a turning loose of emotion, but an escape from
emotion; it is not the expression of personality, but an
escape from personality. But, of course, only those who have
personality and emotions know what it means to want to
escape from these things.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
Where is the Life we have lost in living? Where is the
wisdom we have lost in knowledge? Where is the knowledge we
have lost in information?
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
It is obvious that we can no more explain a passion to a
person who has never experienced it than we can explain
light to the blind.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
Half of the harm that is done in this world is due to people
who want to feel important. They don't mean to do harm. But
the harm does not interest them.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
If you aren't in over your head, how do you know how tall
you are?
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
Anxiety is the hand maiden of creativity.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
Genuine poetry can communicate before it is understood.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
I have measured out my life with coffee spoons.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
O Lord, deliver me from the man of excellent intention and
impure heart: for the heart is deceitful above all things,
and desperately wicked.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
For love would be love of the wrong thing; there is yet
faith, But the faith and the love and the hope are all in
the waiting.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
You are the music while the music lasts.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
It's strange that words are so inadequate. Yet, like the
asthmatic struggling for breath, so the lover must struggle
for words.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
Humankind cannot bear very much reality.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
I don't believe one grows older. I think that what happens
early on in life is that at a certain age one stands still
and stagnates.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
I said to my soul, be still, and wait without hope, For hope
would be hope for the wrong thing.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
Immature poets imitate; mature poets steal.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
Let's not be narrow, nasty, and negative.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
This love is silent.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
Home is where one starts from.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
All significant truths are private truths. As they become
public they cease to become truths; they become facts, or at
best, part of the public character; or at worst, catchwords.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
Television is a medium of entertainment which permits
millions of people to listen to the same joke at the same
time, and yet remain lonesome.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
Where is all the knowledge we lost with information?
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
I will show you fear in a handful of dust.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
A toothache, or a violent passion, is not necessarily
diminished by our knowledge of its causes, its character,
its importance or insignificance.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
Knowledge is invariably a matter of degree: you cannot put
your finger upon even the simplest datum and say this we
know.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
The last temptation is the greatest treason: to do the right
deed for the wrong reason.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
People to whom nothing has ever happened cannot understand
the unimportance of events.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
So the darkness shall be the light, and the stillness the
dancing.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
This is the way the world ends, not with a bang, but a
whimper.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
And they write innumerable books; being too vain and
distracted for silence: seeking every one after his own
elevation, and dodging his emptiness.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
April is the cruellest month.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
Poetry may make us from time to time a little more aware of
the deeper, unnamed feelings which form the substratum of
our being, to which we rarely penetrate; for our lives are
mostly a constant evasion of ourselves.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
It's not wise to violate rules until you know how to observe
them.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
Our difficulties of the moment must always be dealt with
somehow, but our permanent difficulties are difficulties of
every moment.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
Every experience is a paradox in that it means to be
absolute, and yet is relative; in that it somehow always
goes beyond itself and yet never escapes itself.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
There is no method but to be very intelligent.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
Moving between the legs of tables and of chairs, rising or
falling, grasping at kisses and toys, advancing boldly,
sudden to take alarm, retreating to the corner of arm and
knee, eager to be reassured, taking pleasure in the fragrant
brilliance of the Christmas tree.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
The bad poet is usually unconscious where he ought to be
conscious, and conscious where he ought to be unconscious.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
In my beginning is my end.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
We know too much, and are convinced of too little. Our
literature is a substitute for religion, and so is our
religion.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
A play should give you something to think about. When I see
a play and understand it the first time, then I know it
can't be much good.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
I had seen birth and death but had thought they were
different.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
The progress of an artist is a continual self-sacrifice, a
continual extinction of personality.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
Business today consists in persuading crowds.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
Wait without thought, for you are not ready for thought.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
Some editors are failed writers, but so are most writers.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
The soul is so far from being a monad that we have not only
to interpret other souls to ourself but to interpret ourself
to ourself.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
My greatest trouble is getting the curtain up and down.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
So the lover must struggle for words.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
Poetry should help, not only to refine the language of the
time, but to prevent it from changing too rapidly.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
The last thing one discovers in composing a work is what to
put first.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
The Nobel is a ticket to one's own funeral. No one has ever
done anything after he got it.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
There is no absolute point of view from which real and ideal
can be finally separated and labelled.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
Art never improves, but... the material of art is never
quite the same.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
The communication of the dead is tongued with fire beyond
the language of the living.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
Where there is no temple there shall be no homes.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
Our high respect for a well read person is praise enough for
literature.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
There is not a more repulsive spectacle than on old man who
will not forsake the world, which has already forsaken him.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
Any poet, if he is to survive beyond his 25th year, must
alter; he must seek new literary influences; he will have
different emotions to express.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
It is only in the world of objects that we have time and
space and selves.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
The most important thing for poets to do is to write as
little as possible.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
I am an Anglo-Catholic in religion, a classicist in
literature and a royalist in politics.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
Playwriting gets into your blood and you can't stop it. At
least not until the producers or the public tell you to.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
The tiger springs in the new year. Us he devours.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
If you desire to drain to the dregs the fullest cup of scorn
and hatred that a fellow human being can pour out for you,
let a young mother hear you call dear baby 'it.'
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
As things are, and as fundamentally they must always be,
poetry is not a career, but a mug's game. No honest poet can
ever feel quite sure of the permanent value of what he has
written: He may have wasted his time and messed up his life
for nothing.
		-- T.S. Eliot

%
The business of the poet is not to find new emotions, but to
use the ordinary ones and, in working them up into poetry,
to express feelings which are not in actual emotions at all.
		-- T.S. Eliot

